The Balloon Ride
It is the day
of the school fete.
Miss Rabbit is
running the raffle.
Roll up, roll up!
The top prize is a ride
in my hot air balloon.
Wow, that sounds fun!
Can I have a ticket, please?
The blue ticket wins...
A toy car! Well done, Danny!
Can I have a ticket, please?
Thank you, Peppa.
What are you hoping to win?
The Balloon Ride!
Wouldn't it be nicer to win
the homemade chocolate cake?
Daddy Pig loves
homemade chocolate cake.
The red ticket wins...
The Balloon Ride!
Horray!
All aboard forthe balloon ride!
How many passengers, please?
Four please.
And Teddy!
Dine-saw!
Oh, and a teddy and a dinosaur
that makes six.
All aboard!
Hurry up, Daddy Pig!
Hop aboard!
Quick, Daddy!
Splice the main brace!
Chocks away! Full steam ahead!
Very impressive, Miss Rabbit.
You must be an expert pilot.
Not really, this the first time
I've everflown a balloon.
Oh...
Hold Tight!
Miss Rabbit heats up
the air in the balloon
to make it rise into the sky.
Bye bye.
Would anyone like to
do the map reading?
I will.
Are you sure, Daddy Pig?
I'm very good at map reading.
Oh... this map is a bit difficult.
Shall we go higher?
Yes, please! Higher! Higher!
The balloon is rising high
into the sky.
Oh! Where did the sky go!
Don't worry, Peppa,
we're just flying
through a cloud.
Oooh.
Wow, the sky is back again!
Horray.
Big balloon, big balloon,
biggerthan the sun and moon.
Flying high, in the sky,
fly and fly and fly and fly...
Look, Teddy,
we're flying really high.
Peppa,
be careful you don't drop...
Teddy! I've dropped Teddy!
Don't worry, Peppa.
We'll rescue Teddy.
Hold tight, everybody!
We're going down!
Miss Rabbit is making
the balloon go down
so that Teddy can be rescued.
I can't see Teddy anywhere.
There he is!
Teddy's caught in a tree.
I can use this anchor
to rescue Teddy.
Slowly, slowly. There!
Daddy Pig has rescued Teddy.
Teddy!
Horray!
Oh dear!
No one is looking
where they are going.
Look out! Tree straight ahead!
Hold tight!
Oh!
First Teddy was stuck in a tree
and now we are stuck in a tree.
Daddy Pig,
do you know where we are?
Hmmm.
We. Re lost, aren't we?
Yes.
Oooh.
Look, everyone!
Thats Granny
and Grandpa's house?
Yes! We must be
in Grandpa Pig's garden!
As I thought.
Ahoy there,
Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig!
Goodness me!
Ahoy there, Miss Rabbit!
Er... Help! Please.
Grandpa, we can't get down!
Don't worry. I've got a ladder.
Horray!
Everyone climbs down
from the big balloon.
Granny! Grandpa!
Miss Rabbit took us for a ride
in her big balloon.
How very exciting.
I'm afraid
the most exciting thing
we can offer is a piece of
my homemade chocolate cake.
Homemade chocolate cake!
That is exciting!
That was the best
balloon ride ever!
Hmmm. And that was the best
chocolate cake ever!